1. The Brain and Behaviour
2. Nerve Cell, Neural Circuitry, and Behaviour
3. Genes and Behaviour
4. The Cells of the Nervous System
5. Ion Channels
6. Membrane Potential and the pAssive Electrical Properties of the Neuron
7. Propagated Signalling: The Action Potential
8. Overview of Synaptic Transmission
9. Signalling of the Nerve-Muscle Synapse: Directly Gated Tranmission
10. Synaptic Integration in the Central Nervous System
11. Modulation of Synaptic Transmission: Second Messendger
12. Transmitter Release
13. Neurotransmitters
14. Diseases of the Nerve and Motor Unit
15. The Organization of the Central Nervous System
16. The Functional Organization of Perception and Movement
17. From Nerve Cells to Cognition: The Internal Representation of Space and Action
18. The Organization of Cognition
19. Cognitive Functions of the Premotor Systems
20. Functional Imaging of Cognition
21. Sensory Coding
22. The Somatosensory System: Receptors and Central Pathways
23. Touch
24. Pain
25. The Constructive Nature of Visual Processing
26. Low-Level Visual Processing: The Retina
27. Intermediate-Level Visual Processing and Visual Primitives
28. High-Level Visual Processing: Cognitive Influences
29. Visual Processing and Action
30. The Inner Ear
31. The Auditory Central Nervous System
32. Small and Taste: The Chemical Senses
33. The Organization and Planning of Movement
34. The Motor Unit and Muscle Action
35. Spinal Relfexes
36. Locomoation
37. Voluntary Movement: The Primary Motor Cortex
38. Voluntary Movement: The Parietal and Premotor Cortex
39. The Control of Gaze
40. The Vestibular System
41. Posture
42. The Cerebullum
43. The Basal Ganglia
44. Genetic Mechanisms in Degenerative Diseases of the Nervous System
45. The Sensory, Motor, and Reflex Function of the Brain Stem
46. The Modulatory Function of the Brain Stem
47. The Autonomic Motor System and the Hypothalamus
48. Emotions and Feeling
49. Homeostasis, Motivation, and Addictive States
50. Seizures and Epilepsy
51. Sleep and Dreaming
52. Patterning the Nervous System
53. Differentiation and Survival of Nerve Cells
54. The Growth the Guidance of Axons
55. Formation and Elimination of Synapses
56. Experience and the Refinement of Synaptic Connection
57. Repairing the Damaged Brain
58. Sexual Differentiation of the Nervous System
59. The Aging Brain
60. Language
61. Disorders of Conscious and Unconscious Mental Processes
62. Disorders of Thought and Volition: Schizophrenia
63. Autism and Other Neurodevelopment Disorders Affecting Cognition
64. Learning and Memory
65. Cellular Mechanisms of Implicit Memory Storage and the Biological Basis of Individuality
66. Prefrontal Cortex, Hippocampus, and Biology of Explicit Memory Storage